what's up guys what is the thing what's
up guys it's Eric I'm gonna link him
down below we've been having an amazing
time how do you feel about this work I
told Sarah this when you get a boost up
or that guy's seen them on the internet
I bike in the city I never want to ride
a bike again I never want to walk again
I converted him finally got my back I
bought one used in San Francisco last
time I was there so I shipped it all the
way to New York it's finally back so I
have it it's been a busy day of adulting
for me so I haven't blogged a lot but it
was fun to hang out Eric I have a
special vlog for you today but exciting
stuff that I will tell you about
tomorrow's vlog or something but yeah
I'm just like chillin out in Central
Park there's like hula dancers and I'm
watching right now it's fantastic it's a
beautiful night but today's vlog is
about a Adobe job that I did two months
ago and this is a behind-the-scenes
video of kind of how I did my freelance
jobs before this creative residency and
you know probably he'll continue to do
jobs in the future of just kind of
documentary style videos and so this was
like a paid gig so I made one video for
them that lives on their channel that's
actually out today
so I'll link that up you should check it
out also the behind the scenes video
that you're seeing right now I obviously
adore Adobe and so this is such a fun
job I hope you guys enjoy and I will see
you guys in the next video and
tomorrow's vlog exciting news exciting
so we're doing here is we're actually
brought together 16 artists jar covers
designers and illustrators to be
immersed for a few days using Adobe's
mobile apps on a pet Pro that's kind of
like 30 years ago when that we worked on
transitioning people from traditional
graphic arts paste up with recognizable
like SML back to desktop publishing
computers and this kind of new era of
touch base and computers tablets I've
met frog bones I think it was the next
revolution in the great process what I
am shooting on for this event is sony
a7s mark ii monopod in little gorilla
pod for some vlogging action I just had
ones as I use a Canon 50 millimeter f12
zeiss 85 millimeter 1.4 this lens is
amazing and I had the Canon 7200 if
you're into event videography this is a
must keep two different ST cases for
empty curds and full gardens you don't
want to format cards that have important
footage on them so this is Zack he is
helping me out with audio so what are we
dealing with like how many different
people are gonna be Mike Harvey how are
we gonna do it so today we have a
capability to make up six people then
we'll be also be sending a wireless
signal to the camera so it has a
reference track for syncing later yeah
this is amazing
how are can I have one for my apartment
this is our pre-interview ritual here
guys this is how the audio is getting to
my camera from the boom filmmaking
awesome good job interview team you're
loving these chairs right now with the
Cooper Cooper Hewitt Museum look at this
this is something else it's a sight to
see let's see how fast I'm good
you managed to tip it back in the hotel
after day one of shooting the make it on
mobile event with Adobe one thing that
someone told me that changed how I shot
forever is to shoot through things so
whether you're a videographer or
photographer it's so much more
interesting when maybe you're shooting a
person at a computer
but you're shooting through a plant or
shooting through something you know
usually cameras have that depth of field
so you can out of focus the object that
you're shooting through but you can have
the person in focus and then you have
like a like a texture or something in
the foreground it just makes the shot
more interesting the so much fun being
up in New York was Adobe and all the
amazing artists that did the insanely
awesome work and now it's time to put
together the actual like film that they
hired me to do so it's gonna be like a
five minute documentary style event
video video and so I thought it'd be
helpful to kind of show you not only the
process of the beginning stages of that
and filming but also how I edit and how
I get through the process from beginning
to end and a little piece of
encouragement to you guys up there who
are wanting to do video work
some sort video is so important in you
know 2016 2017 2018 it's only getting
more important and to have the skill to
be able to shoot and edit is a very very
good skill to have and it's very
practical for like career stuff maybe
you're not comfortable on camera maybe
you're not comfortable with a lot of
what YouTube is like vlogging there is
so much room for people who can put
together awesome videos because there's
a lot of companies out there in need of
good video content so but yeah so I
usually start out all of my edits just
with like in my moleskin I just kind of
like jot down the flow of what I think
will happen major key to editing Lucroy
I get some major key to life okay so
this is how I have my folders my project
isn't my video folder and I go to 2016
and then Adobe make it on mobile premier
I already have a project so I'm going to
open it
so I have day one day two I have the a7
s and I also have the vlog footage from
what you've seen in this video and then
I have the audio while I was on the
plane my brain really wasn't wanting to
edit this because it was just such a
long week so I kind of just organized
the footage that I had and picked out
some of the the best footage and kind of
organized it based on you know people
b-roll and then like presentations or
something and just put it in a timeline
that I labeled selects what is gonna be
the most tricky about this edit is there
were literally like six different teams
six or eight different teams of two
people so there there's a lot of people
and a lot to document but this is only a
five-minute video a lot of this is going
to be figuring out okay who are we
really gonna focus on and
edit how are we going to incorporate the
other people even though they're not as
big of a part in the video I mean that's
and that's something we were thinking
about while we're shooting and I was
talking with the you know producer of
this event Christy and so we didn't have
those initial conversations and kept
that in mind on who we're gonna be the
main focus and edit but stuff always
changes you know as you sit down and see
the footage you have and you know what
you want to do with the edit so we'll
see how it goes I'm going to jump full
force into this edit and we will see
where I end up
thanks for watching stay PG okay bye
we've gathered 16 illustrators
photographers and designers from around
the world who are all immersed in using
Adobe's mobile apps